README.md, before:

# [Easy Vape](https://easyvape.herokuapp.com/)

A E-commerce store that sells vape.

<img src="">
 
[Click here](https://easyvape.herokuapp.com/) to visit the deployed site.


---

# Table of contents

1. [Design](#design)
2. [UX](#ux)
3. [Agile Workflow](#agile-workflow)
4. [Structure](#structure)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)    
8. [Testing](#testing)
8. [Deployment](#deployment)
9. [Credits](#credits)

## Design


### Colors


### Typography

- 

### Wireframe

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe
</summary>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Home
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Blog Post
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Profile
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe 
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
</details>

### Data Scheme


## UX


### Site User Goal

- 

### Site Goal

- 

## Agile Workflow

This project was created using Agile techniques during development, such as:

- User stories: displayed using GitHub Issues.
- MoSCoW method: by adding a priority to each issue and display it using tags.
- ToDo, In Progress and Done: using the GitHub Kanban board.

You can access the Kanban board that was used during the project development [here]().

You can access the list of issues/user stories used during the development of this project [here]()
<img src="">


[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
## Features

### Home page
- 

<img src="">

### 
- 
<img src="">
<img src="">
<img src="">


### Profile
- Content:
    - 

<img src="">

### NavBar

- Content:
    

    <img src="">

### Future Features


## Technologies Used

### Main Tech

 - [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) 
 - [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
 - [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
### Applications, Libraries and Platforms

- Git
    - Used for version control to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
- Gitpod
    - Used as the IDE to write all the code used in this project.
- Github
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
- Heroku
    - Used to deploy the application.
- Google Fonts
    - Used to import the fonts.
- FontAwesome
    - Used to import the ThumbsUp and Comment icon.
- Balsamiq Wireframes
    - Used to create the project's wireframe.
- Cloudinary
    - Used to host all images.
- Django AllAuth
    - Used to deal with user account registration.
- Chrome DevTool
    - Used to debug and test new styles.
- ChatGTP
    - Used to debug.


## Testing
- I have used automated test and manual testing to check if all the website's functionalities were working as intended.
   -

### Python Testing
- I have tested all python files and they all passed
- Tested with [CI pep8](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)
<img src="">

### JavaScript Testing
- I have tested the script.js and it passed with no major error.
- The undefined variable is not a glitch.
- Tested with [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)
<img src="">

### CSS Testing
- I have tested the script.css file and it passed.
- Tested with [Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
<img src="">

### HTML Testing
- I have tested all templates and they all passed.
- Tested with [Validator.w3](https://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea)
<img src=">

### LightHouse
- I have tested the all webpages with LightHouse

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
### Manual Testing
 - Here is the sequence of manual test I have applied to check if all applications work.

#### As a user I want to register.
- Steps: 
    1. 
    2. 
    3. 
    4. 

- Outcome:
    -

#### As a user I want to 
- Requirements:

- Steps: 
    

- Outcome:
    

#### As a user I want.


[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
## Deployment
- In order to Deploy this project:
    1. Either fork or clone this project.
    2. Heroku setup.
    3. Follow the [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5CWvS5cYalkQOLeQiijpSViDPogtKM7ZGyqK-yehhQ/edit) to set up your ide. Credit do Code Institute

### Forking

- In order to Fork this repository:

    1. Access your GitHub account and find the relevant repository.
    2. Click on 'Fork' on the top right of the page.
    3. You will find a copy of the repository in your own Github account.

### Clone

- In order to Clone this repository:

    1. Create repository where you will work with this clone.
    2. Copy "https://github.com/gioZAK/easy_vape.git".
    3. Run the directory you want the clone to be.
    6. In your IDE's terminal type 'git clone' and the paste the URL you just copied.
    7. Press Enter.
    8. You now have a local clone.

### Heroku.
-To setup with Heroku:

   1. Create an account at heroku.com
   2. Create a new app, add app name and your region
   3. Click on create app
   4. Go to "Settings"
   5. Under Config Vars, add your sensitive data (creds.json for example)
   6. Now go to your IDE and connect your enviroment with heroku
   7. heroku login -i
   8. Then run the following command: heroku git:remote -a your_app_name_here
   9. Finally: git push heroku main

### Follow the instructions here.
- Further instructions can be follow from [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5CWvS5cYalkQOLeQiijpSViDPogtKM7ZGyqK-yehhQ/edit)
    - All credits to Code Institute.


## Credits

### Code Institute
- I have relied on the Code Institute Boutique Ado Walktrough Project in order to make my own.

### ChatGPT
- I have used [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/chat) as a tool to debug and to guide me on how to apply new functionalities.

### Dall-E-2
- I have created all images using [Dall-E-2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/)

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Add the project introduction to the Readme File

README.md, after:

# [Easy Vape](https://easyvape.herokuapp.com/)

EasyVape is a E-Commerce webpage, produced as my final project in [CodeInstitute](https://codeinstitute.net/global/). This is a fullstack website, which "sells" Vapes and E-Juices made by EasyVape, which is a fictional company.

The main technologies used were HTML, CSS, JS, Jquery, Python, Django. All images were created using [Dall-E-2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/)

<img src="https://github.com/gioZAK/easy_vape/blob/1a012a31e3a82345e0cf7346b98fc98ff0967919/docs/ss/responsive-img-easy-vape.png">
 
[Click here](https://easyvape.herokuapp.com/) to visit the deployed site.


---

# Table of contents

1. [Design](#design)
2. [UX](#ux)
3. [Agile Workflow](#agile-workflow)
4. [Structure](#structure)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)    
8. [Testing](#testing)
8. [Deployment](#deployment)
9. [Credits](#credits)

## Design


### Colors


### Typography

- 

### Wireframe

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe
</summary>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Home
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Blog Post
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe Profile
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

<details>
<summary>
Wireframe 
</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
</details>

### Data Scheme


## UX


### Site User Goal

- 

### Site Goal

- 

## Agile Workflow

This project was created using Agile techniques during development, such as:

- User stories: displayed using GitHub Issues.
- MoSCoW method: by adding a priority to each issue and display it using tags.
- ToDo, In Progress and Done: using the GitHub Kanban board.

You can access the Kanban board that was used during the project development [here]().

You can access the list of issues/user stories used during the development of this project [here]()
<img src="">


[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
## Features

### Home page
- 

<img src="">

### 
- 
<img src="">
<img src="">
<img src="">


### Profile
- Content:
    - 

<img src="">

### NavBar

- Content:
    

    <img src="">

### Future Features


## Technologies Used

### Main Tech

 - [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com/) 
 - [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/)
 - [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
### Applications, Libraries and Platforms

- Git
    - Used for version control to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
- Gitpod
    - Used as the IDE to write all the code used in this project.
- Github
    - GitHub is used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git.
- Heroku
    - Used to deploy the application.
- Google Fonts
    - Used to import the fonts.
- FontAwesome
    - Used to import the ThumbsUp and Comment icon.
- Balsamiq Wireframes
    - Used to create the project's wireframe.
- Cloudinary
    - Used to host all images.
- Django AllAuth
    - Used to deal with user account registration.
- Chrome DevTool
    - Used to debug and test new styles.
- ChatGTP
    - Used to debug.


## Testing
- I have used automated test and manual testing to check if all the website's functionalities were working as intended.
   -

### Python Testing
- I have tested all python files and they all passed
- Tested with [CI pep8](https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)
<img src="">

### JavaScript Testing
- I have tested the script.js and it passed with no major error.
- The undefined variable is not a glitch.
- Tested with [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)
<img src="">

### CSS Testing
- I have tested the script.css file and it passed.
- Tested with [Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
<img src="">

### HTML Testing
- I have tested all templates and they all passed.
- Tested with [Validator.w3](https://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea)
<img src=">

### LightHouse
- I have tested the all webpages with LightHouse

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
### Manual Testing
 - Here is the sequence of manual test I have applied to check if all applications work.

#### As a user I want to register.
- Steps: 
    1. 
    2. 
    3. 
    4. 

- Outcome:
    -

#### As a user I want to 
- Requirements:

- Steps: 
    

- Outcome:
    

#### As a user I want.


[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
## Deployment
- In order to Deploy this project:
    1. Either fork or clone this project.
    2. Heroku setup.
    3. Follow the [link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5CWvS5cYalkQOLeQiijpSViDPogtKM7ZGyqK-yehhQ/edit) to set up your ide. Credit do Code Institute

### Forking

- In order to Fork this repository:

    1. Access your GitHub account and find the relevant repository.
    2. Click on 'Fork' on the top right of the page.
    3. You will find a copy of the repository in your own Github account.

### Clone

- In order to Clone this repository:

    1. Create repository where you will work with this clone.
    2. Copy "https://github.com/gioZAK/easy_vape.git".
    3. Run the directory you want the clone to be.
    6. In your IDE's terminal type 'git clone' and the paste the URL you just copied.
    7. Press Enter.
    8. You now have a local clone.

### Heroku.
-To setup with Heroku:

   1. Create an account at heroku.com
   2. Create a new app, add app name and your region
   3. Click on create app
   4. Go to "Settings"
   5. Under Config Vars, add your sensitive data (creds.json for example)
   6. Now go to your IDE and connect your enviroment with heroku
   7. heroku login -i
   8. Then run the following command: heroku git:remote -a your_app_name_here
   9. Finally: git push heroku main

### Follow the instructions here.
- Further instructions can be follow from [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P5CWvS5cYalkQOLeQiijpSViDPogtKM7ZGyqK-yehhQ/edit)
    - All credits to Code Institute.


## Credits

### Code Institute
- I have relied on the Code Institute Boutique Ado Walktrough Project in order to make my own.

### ChatGPT
- I have used [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com/chat) as a tool to debug and to guide me on how to apply new functionalities.

### Dall-E-2
- I have created all images using [Dall-E-2](https://openai.com/dall-e-2/)

[Back to Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
